feat: NIC IP config for dashboard & mgmt (#1183)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/configuration/configuration.md

| Type    | Default |
| ------- | ------- |
| integer | 18083   |
| string  | 0.0.0.0:18083 |

#### Description

The listening port of the HTTP listener.
</br>

> Use the `ip:port` format to specify which network interface to listen to, default `0.0.0.0:18083` will listening on all network interfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `ip:port` format to specify which network interface and port to listen to. Defaults to `0.0.0.0:18083`, which listens on all network interfaces.
```

Reviewer: And a similar suggestion for both occurrences below.
